To account for traversibility contraints in the environment, the compute_transition_cost function in airport_map was modified. After calculating the 
Euclidean distance from the parent cell to the new cell, the compute_transition_cost function extracts the cell type of the new cell using the cell_type
function and checks whether it is part of the customs area or secret door and multiplies the Euclidean distance with the corresponsing penalty. If it is
neither of these cell types then no penalty is applied and Euclidean distance is used as the transition cost. A slight modification was also made to
push_cell_onto_queue in dijkstra_planner to use the compute_transition_cost function which is part of airport_map which takes the current coordinate and
parent coordinate as inputs and accounts for traversibility contrainst while returning the transition cost. This value is then used to calculate the cell
path cost and the corresponding priority the cell should be assigned.

Both implementations took into account traversibility contrainsts when calculating final path cost. The first implementation did not use traversibility
constraints and only used path distance for the path cost key in the priority queue whereas the second implementation included traversibility constraints in path distance calculations.
Comparing the two implementations, for paths that do not cross through the customs area there is no change for the cost and there is a slight reduction in
the number of cells visited as the algorithm no longer explores the customs area or any area beyond it. For paths that pass through the customs area, the
number of cells visited are similar (within 5% of each other) but there was an observed average 73% reduction in the path cost for the second implementation
when compared with the first.

Comparing the second implementation with the original implementation where traversibility contrainsts was not considered for the final path cost, the new algorithm
visits 7% fewer cells as it is less likely to explore the customs area and has a 20% increase in the total path cost. This is due to the extra distance the robot
has to travel to avoid the customs area and the penalty associated with traversing the secret door.